"Make sure you're ready. You can walk some in here, touch the edge. Push it away. There you go,
right?"
"You need help for it. Stop. Don't come that way, bro."
"Ready?"
"Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go."
"Don't pull that way. Don't come here. Just right there."
"I'm going to have to get this sketch for you."
"Got to fill up the middle, guys."
"Ready?"
"Stop, we got to fill the middle up."
"Go around. Leave it alone."
"There we go."
"You're standing right on the bridge, bro."
"Hold on."
"Let's go."
"That's good."
"You're doing good, guys. Get up a little bit."
"All the way up."
"Just this way."
"Hold on."
"Just let it be ready for perfect."
"All right. Come over here, man. I know."
"Ready?"
"We got them out. We got them out."
"Stay out of the driveway."
"Get out of the driveway."
"See you there."
"Let's go."
"Go ahead and make sure you get all the shovels, vibrator, everything."
"Ready, one?"
"Take it all over."
"That is discrete. Make sure it's all clean."
"Let's see what happens. We're going to take a feet in the ground."
"We're going to take a foot in the ground."
"We're going to take a feet in the ground."